CS2261 - Homework 03 ReadMe - Spring 2014 - Robert McIndoe

It's a Galaga inspired game.  You are the ship at the bottom 
of the screen.  Press left or right to move the ship.  Avoid 
the falling death spikes of doom.  You can blow up the death
spikes of doom with interdimensional space spears by pressing
the A button.  Be careful to not waste your ammo, though, 
because you can only shoot out so many bullets at a given 
point in time before the hyper photon accelerators that power 
your ships cannons will overheat.  

You get one point per death spike of doom that you destroy.
Be careful though, if you happen to be too slow to move 
and end up getting your cockpit impaled with a death spike
you will lose all your points and have to start over.  For
those people who don't like a challenge there is always
autopilot mode that you can activate at any time by pressing
B.  This mode activates the quasi-neural sensors located at
the head of the ship and will automatically detect and move
out of the way of oncoming death spikes.  While the auto-
pilot mode of the game works 99.9% of the time, there are 
still some times when the binary interpreters become 
miscombobulated you'll end up stuck between a rock and a hard 
place, so don't forget to keep firing those interdimensional 
space spears just in case.  

Controls Recap:
Left:	Move Left
Right:	Move Right
A:	Shoot Interdimensional Space Spear
B: 	Turn On/Off Auto-Pilot

(The game moves kind of slow to avoid tons of flickering, 
 but you can press space in VBA to speed things up without
 making it flicker.  It lets you see auto-pilot mode better.)